[Music]
you're ahead son take a look welcome to
the Easter Factory this is where we make
all the candy and eggs that I deliver to
the children of the world it is so cool
someday this will all be yours look dad
I want to drum in a band I want to see
the wall now listen to me you need to
get it together get rid of these drums
and get your priorities straight
my dad's right I do need to get my act
together in Hollywood games and a pair
great ice suffer before they become
famous
that lady wrote Harry Potter in a ditch
and you see jelly beans no way
oh yes Fred I am the Easter Bunny happen
on April 1st my son ran away your son is
very difficult to replace but not
impossible
what on your head what oh my new
earmuffs we need to find EB assemble a
pink berets at once the hunt is on you
said you guys were so scary but you're
really really adorable Oh
the plot is hatched
Carlos what are you up to is called a
coup d'etat which is a French for coup
d'etat and the battle for Easter
is an extreme occasion
[Music]
the more sensitive chick in the room may
want to avert their eyes
[Music]
you